Licensing update (#806)
Azure/azure-docs-powershell-azuread: azureadps-1.0/MSOnline/Set-MsolUserLicense.md

## SYNOPSIS
Updates the license assignment for a user.

>[!NOTE]

> > The **Set-MsolUserLicense** cmdlet is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For additional information, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Graph API reference page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Set-MsolUserLicense** cmdlet is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For more info, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Microsoft Graph API.
```
